I was going to make some comments on the
harbor freight I made a run down there
the other day and made my last attempt
this is one of their cheap little band
saws they sell for 200 or so and I've
had this fan so a while used it but I
never could make it cut straight and all
it does is break bands and it's been
sitting in the court on my shop it's a
in my opinion it's a piece of I
went down to harbor freight and got
there Portland series bandsaw and it's
supposed to be 64 I don't know if you
can see it anyway 64 and a half inches
and the quality control is so poor I'm
dead tom it's less than 64 so you can't
even use it so then I want to Tractor
Supply and I got an Olsen blade which
does fit and I've looked online and on
some of the forums and comments and
people say they have these band saws and
use them but this isn't a piece of
it ain't worth it ain't worth nothing
all it does is break buddy doesn't cut
straight through Slade's and I spent a
couple hundred dollars on that saw never
use it and I'm just going to get rid of
it a word on harbor freight if it
doesn't move if it's just a thing with
no moving parts you're probably okay
case in point that's a little stand i
got i'm using from my welder got that
from harbor freight and it's okay and I
got a little welding this little blue
welding cart from harbor freight and
this okay although it works okay on
Miller's but I had to put a spacer in
here because with the Lincoln you can't
put it down there
it it doesn't clear so doesn't fit my
machine too well but you know it was
cheap the welders I mean the generators
and the motors piece of I got a
press which it works okay but the bottle
jack goes out I've had a engine crane
for a long time and it still works it's
just you gonna fill it up with Jack well
because the it leaks but this units you
know it's ten years old the the screws
on the thing or junk so I made these I
took a bolt and just welded a cut-off
piece of half-inch so you can adjust
them for all the other corner horse a
lot better about the only other harbor
freight no I got one of those ramps for
full we losing its ok but my advice on
harbor freight is don't buy any of the
motors oh they're pumps I got one of the
little pups like here and it's
completely useless piece of I mean
it's just so totally useless it's just
not even worth having around but that's
what I think a harbour bridge it's a
jack stand her jack they're okay but if
it's anything with a motor or a saw I
never buy a welder I'd never buy a
plasma arc or anything just cheap
Chinese junk so beware